of the most politically audacious films of recent decades	
the most politically audacious films of recent decades	
the most politically audacious films	
most politically audacious films	
most politically audacious	
politically audacious	
audacious	
of recent decades	
recent decades	
from any country , but especially from France	
from any country	
any country	
but especially from France	
but especially from France	
especially from France	
from France	
`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	
Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	
Abandon	
'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater	
leave you wanting to abandon the theater	
you wanting to abandon the theater	
wanting to abandon the theater	
wanting	
to abandon the theater	
abandon the theater	
Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis .	
Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis	
Probably the best case for Christianity	
the best case for Christianity	
the best case	
best case	
if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due	
, eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	
eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	
the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	
the content	
is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	
a flick about telemarketers	
about telemarketers	
this one will due	
will due
 During several different  minute calls, I experienced  drops and it was in an area that had  bars.
 I was not happy with this item.
 very disappointed.
 The phone takes FOREVER to charge like  to  hours literally.
 What a waste of time!
 Its reception is very very poor.
 Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.
 After  months, screen just went black all of a sudden.
 I Was Hoping for More.
 Audio Quality is poor, very poor.
 I've bought $ wired headphones that sound better than these.
 All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.
 This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.
 I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.
 Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my Lc and its not working.
 doesn't last long.
 One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.
 Thank you for wasting my money.
 How can that be?The audio quality is poor.
 I put the latest OS on it (v.g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.
 It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.
 If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!
 Don't buy this product.
 I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.
 I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.
 I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than  minutes before being disconnected.
 Design Flaw?.
 Waste of  bucks.
 I only hear garbage for audio.
 Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.
 AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.
 Disappointed with battery.
 Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.
 VERY DISAPPOINTED.
 The buttons for on and off are bad.
 Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.
 Buy a different phone - but not this.
 You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.
 The one big drawback of the MP player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.
 A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.
 Mic Doesn't work.
 So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.
 Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than  minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!
 I have to jiggle the plug to get it to  up right to get decent volume.
 If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.
 Needless to say, I wasted my money.
 What a waste of money and time!.
 If the two were seperated by a mere + ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.
 The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.
 I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!
 It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.
 I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.
 The commercials are the most misleading.
 I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.
 I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.
 People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.
 Doesn't hold charge.
 This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.
 It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.
 I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.
 You need at least  mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.
 Poor Talk Time Performance.
 worthless product.
 I was not impressed by this product.	